[Music]
well we are officially in Paris you just
landed woke up this morning in Berlin
the God on a plate we've we're now
waited we've made it
we're at the airport we have to get to
our hotel and this whole pile in front
of us is jamming up so we have to finish
the intro right
I forgot to mention this is daily number
six
we've headed to the other side of the
city from where we are staying but
because we were all checked into the
hotel but there's a place that I went to
in 2015 worlds that I absolutely love it
it's the best Italian place I've ever
been to and that's East mama right there
we have to get here early and stand in
line otherwise you don't you don't get
to eat there so we're here early
[Music]
all right we just wrapped dinner and oh
my god after all these years it is still
so amazing one of the best parts about
this place by the way is that it's not
even that expensive which is great
because Travis can promise our support
we're now actually hit up to meet up
with chip Seon Hwa the French casters
who I've known for many years are gonna
grab a drink with them before we head
back to the hotel and finish up some
edits so let's go do that down
[Music]
all right we just wrapped up our hangout
with chips Aiden wahoo I I don't know I
just wanted to hang out with them so I
didn't bring you guys along for the
whole time but it was super good to see
those guys it's actually been a couple
of years for those of you that don't
know they're the French casters who've
been casting League of Legends for riot
events all the way back to 2014
all-stars which was the last time that
we had a well the MSI event is gonna be
in the same venue let's put it that way
so it's this super cool to see them fun
story they actually started around the
same time as me around 2011 they started
a company a broadcast company so they're
not just casters they're actually the
people that everybody uses to broadcast
eSports events in Paris well in France
actually in French so it's just really
cool to see how far they've come they're
really successful is having a chance to
catch up with them just really proud of
them they're gonna be casting this
weekend obviously and it's great because
we'll be able to hear their French cast
all the way all over the venue you know
cuz that's they're actually using the
French cast for it so that's super cool
love those guys great to be here loving
Paris like I kind of like Paris a little
bit more than Berlin um I'm not gonna
lie but it's been a while since I've
been in the city so it's so great and
you know what at least at least somebody
from North America's continued on this
tournament
[Music]
you